Replace NetworkX by RetworkX (#1791)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* Interferometer is now a class with `shape` method.
  [(#1946)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1946)

> * Replace NetworkX by RetworkX in CircuitGraph and add RetworkX support to QAOA.
>   [(#1791)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1791)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `CircuitGraph`, used to represent circuits via directed acyclic graphs, now
  uses RetworkX for its internal representation. This results in significant speedup
  for algorithms that rely on a directed acyclic graph representation.
  [(#1791)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1791)
  
* The QAOA module now accepts both NetworkX and RetworkX graphs as function inputs.
  [(#1791)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1791)
```

I've split this up into two entries, since they are ostensibly two separate changes (in retrospect, probably should have been two separate PRs!)
